c:\users\v-benzh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\Bin\Debug\Background.png
c:\users\v-benzh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\Bin\Debug\LiveSynergy.dll
c:\users\v-benzh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\Bin\Debug\LiveSynergy.pdb
c:\users\v-benzh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\v-benzh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\Bin\Debug\LiveSynergy.xap
c:\users\v-benzh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
c:\users\v-benzh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.xml
c:\users\v-benzh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\v-benzh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\v-benzh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\v-benzh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\obj\Debug\LiveSynergy.g.resources
c:\users\v-benzh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\obj\Debug\LiveSynergy.dll
c:\users\v-benzh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\obj\Debug\LiveSynergy.pdb
c:\users\v-benzh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\v-benzh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.dll
c:\users\v-benzh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.pdb
c:\users\v-benzh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.xml
c:\users\v-benzh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\Bin\Debug\Images\appbar.add.rest.png
c:\users\v-benzh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\Bin\Debug\Images\appbar.back.rest.png
c:\users\v-benzh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\Bin\Debug\Images\appbar.cancel.rest.png
c:\users\v-benzh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\Bin\Debug\Images\appbar.check.rest.png
c:\users\v-benzh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\Bin\Debug\Images\appbar.delete.rest.png
c:\users\v-benzh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\Bin\Debug\Images\appbar.next.rest.png
c:\users\v-benzh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\Bin\Debug\Images\appbar.run.rest.png
c:\users\v-benzh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\Bin\Debug\Images\appbar.save.rest.png
c:\users\v-benzh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\Bin\Debug\Images\appbar.settings.rest.png
c:\users\v-benzh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\obj\Debug\Pages\SignInAndUp.g.i.cs
c:\users\v-benzh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.dll
c:\users\v-benzh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.UI.dll
c:\users\v-benzh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.UI.xml
c:\users\v-benzh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\Bin\Debug\de-DE\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.resources.dll
c:\users\v-benzh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\Bin\Debug\es-ES\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.resources.dll
c:\users\v-benzh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\Bin\Debug\fr-FR\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.resources.dll
c:\users\v-benzh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\Bin\Debug\it-IT\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.resources.dll
c:\users\v-benzh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\Bin\Debug\ja-JP\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.resources.dll
c:\users\v-benzh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\Bin\Debug\ko-KR\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.resources.dll
c:\users\v-benzh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\Bin\Debug\ru-RU\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.resources.dll
c:\users\v-benzh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\Bin\Debug\zh-CN\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.resources.dll
c:\users\v-benzh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\Bin\Debug\zh-TW\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.resources.dll
C:\Users\v-benzh\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\obj\Debug\Pages\ViewDevicePage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\v-benzh\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\v-benzh\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\LiveSynergy\LiveSynergy\obj\Debug\Pages\AddNewDevice.g.i.cs
